README.md, before:

## About
I'm a Linux enthusiast who works on Windows software for a living. I spend a lot of my development time forcing Windows to feel more like Linux 😅.

Certified Catppuccin Enthusiast ☕🐈‍

## Projects
### My Own
- I am the author and maintainer of the [Catppuccin Module for Powershell](https://github.com/Catppuccin/PowerShell)
- I am slowly working on an [fzf wrapper for various Windows Package Managers](https://github.com/JK-Flip-Flop96/fuzzy-winget)
### Recent Contributions
- I contributed Windows support for [packer.nu](https://github.com/Jan9103/packer.nu)

## Technologies
### Proficient
- PowerShell
- Python
- C#/.Net 
- Java (At a stretch 😆)

### Learning
- NuShell
- C/C++
- Rust
- Go
 
## Tools
### Editors
- Visual Studio
- VSCode
- Neovim

### Desktop
- GlazeWM (Very new to me)

<!---
JK-Flip-Flop96/JK-Flip-Flop96 is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->

Commit message:

Revise personal description and project contributions
Updated personal information and project status in README.

README.md, after:

## About
I'm a recovering former windows-focused software engineer.

## Projects
### My Own
- I am the author and former maintainer of the [Catppuccin Module for Powershell](https://github.com/Catppuccin/PowerShell).
- I was working on an [fzf wrapper for various Windows Package Managers](https://github.com/JK-Flip-Flop96/fuzzy-winget) but have largely abandoned this effort.
- My primary focus right now is my personal NixOS configuration.
### Recent Contributions
- I contributed Windows support for [packer.nu](https://github.com/Jan9103/packer.nu) which has now been largely replaced by nushell's own package manager. 

## Technologies
### Proficient
- PowerShell
- Python
- Lua
- C#/.Net 
- Java (At a stretch 😆)

### Learning
- NuShell
- C/C++
- Rust
- Go
 
## Tools
### Editors
- Neovim

### Desktop
- NixOS
- Hyprland

<!---
JK-Flip-Flop96/JK-Flip-Flop96 is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
